now the Philistines fought against
now the Philistines fought against Israel and the men of Israel fled from
Israel and the men of Israel fled from
Israel and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines and fell slain on
before the Philistines and fell slain on
before the Philistines and fell slain on Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
Mount Gilboa then the Philistines followed hard after Saul and his sons
followed hard after Saul and his sons
followed hard after Saul and his sons and the Philistines killed Jonathan
and the Philistines killed Jonathan
and the Philistines killed Jonathan Abinadab and maokai shield Saul's sons
Abinadab and maokai shield Saul's sons
Abinadab and maokai shield Saul's sons a battle became fierce against Seoul The
a battle became fierce against Seoul The
a battle became fierce against Seoul The Archers
Archers
Archers hit him and he was wounded by the
hit him and he was wounded by the
hit him and he was wounded by the archers then Saul said to his
archers then Saul said to his
archers then Saul said to his armor-bearer on your sword and thrust me
armor-bearer on your sword and thrust me
armor-bearer on your sword and thrust me through with it
through with it
through with it as these uncircumcised men can abuse me
as these uncircumcised men can abuse me
as these uncircumcised men can abuse me but his armor-bearer would not for he
but his armor-bearer would not for he
but his armor-bearer would not for he was greatly afraid
was greatly afraid
was greatly afraid therefore soul took a sword and
therefore soul took a sword and
therefore soul took a sword and fellowship and when his armor-bearer saw
fellowship and when his armor-bearer saw
fellowship and when his armor-bearer saw that saul was dead he also fell on his
that saul was dead he also fell on his
that saul was dead he also fell on his sword and died so saul and his three
sword and died so saul and his three
sword and died so saul and his three sons died and all his house died
sons died and all his house died
sons died and all his house died together and when all the men of israel
together and when all the men of israel
together and when all the men of israel who were in the valley saw that they had
who were in the valley saw that they had
who were in the valley saw that they had fled and thats all his sons were dead
fled and thats all his sons were dead
fled and thats all his sons were dead they forsook their cities and fled then
they forsook their cities and fled then
they forsook their cities and fled then the Philistines came and dwelt in them
the Philistines came and dwelt in them
the Philistines came and dwelt in them so it happened the next day when the
so it happened the next day when the
so it happened the next day when the Philistines came to strip the slain that
Philistines came to strip the slain that
Philistines came to strip the slain that they found Saul and his sons fall on
they found Saul and his sons fall on
they found Saul and his sons fall on Mount Gilboa and they stripped him and
Mount Gilboa and they stripped him and
Mount Gilboa and they stripped him and took his head and his armour and sent
took his head and his armour and sent
took his head and his armour and sent word throughout the land of the
word throughout the land of the
word throughout the land of the Philistines to proclaim the news in the
Philistines to proclaim the news in the
Philistines to proclaim the news in the temple of their idols and among the
temple of their idols and among the
temple of their idols and among the people
people
people then they put his armor in the temple of
then they put his armor in the temple of
then they put his armor in the temple of their gods and fastened his head in the
their gods and fastened his head in the
their gods and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon and when all jabish
temple of Dagon and when all jabish
temple of Dagon and when all jabish Gilead heard all that the Philistines
Gilead heard all that the Philistines
Gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul all the valiant man
had done to Saul all the valiant man
had done to Saul all the valiant man arose and took the body of Saul and the
arose and took the body of Saul and the
arose and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons and they brought them
bodies of his sons and they brought them
bodies of his sons and they brought them to jabish and buried their bones under
to jabish and buried their bones under
to jabish and buried their bones under the tamarisk tree at jabish and fasted
the tamarisk tree at jabish and fasted
the tamarisk tree at jabish and fasted seven days so Saul died for his
seven days so Saul died for his
seven days so Saul died for his unfaithfulness which he had committed
unfaithfulness which he had committed
unfaithfulness which he had committed against the Lord because he did not keep
against the Lord because he did not keep
against the Lord because he did not keep the word of the Lord and also because he
the word of the Lord and also because he
the word of the Lord and also because he consulted a medium for guidance but he
consulted a medium for guidance but he
consulted a medium for guidance but he did not inquire of the law therefore he
did not inquire of the law therefore he
did not inquire of the law therefore he killed him and turned the kingdom over
killed him and turned the kingdom over
killed him and turned the kingdom over to David the son of Jesse
to David the son of Jesse
to David the son of Jesse [Music]